feat: improve CopyButton examples (#1674)
contentful/forma-36: packages/components/copybutton/CopyButton.mdx

section: 'buttonComponents'
slug: /components/copy-button/
github: 'https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/tree/forma-v4/packages/components/copybutton'
typescript: ./src/CopyButton.tsx
---

The `CopyButton` is a styled button that copies text into the user's clipboard.

`CopyButton` can be used in combination with text inputs where the input value should be easy to copy. In such cases it is best to position the `CopyButton` at the end of the input.

## Import

```js static=true
import { CopyButton } from '@contentful/f36-components';
```

## Examples

```jsx file=examples/CopyButtonExample.tsx

```

### Changing the tooltip

> You can modify tooltip text and its placement by using the following properties:

Reviewer: Which following properties? the ones in the example? If yes I suggest:

```suggestion
You can modify tooltip text and its placement by using the `tooltipCopiedText`, `tooltipText`, and `tooltipProps` properties
```

And on that note, I think it would be probably better to explain `tooltipProps` in detail in a separate example
you could even add a link to the tooltip page and send the user there for further explanations

I would suggest splitting the example

Author: I updated the copy in this paragraph and added a link to `tooltip` documentation without splitting the example into 2 separate ones.

```jsx file=examples/CopyButtonModifiedTooltipsExample.tsx

```

### Real-world example

> ```jsx file=examples/CopyButtonWithInputExample.tsx

Reviewer: Thanks for adding a real world example

Author: 👍🏼
